Misc doc fixes (#6)
Cosmian/mse-home-cli: documentation/docs/develop.md

> One of the advantages of using MSE to protect your application and your data in the cloud, is that your Python application does not need to be adapted.

Reviewer: adapted to what? `modified to fit some specific constrains' for example?

Author: ```suggestion
One of the advantages of using MSE to protect your application and your data in the cloud, is that your original Python application does not need to be modified.
```

> Indeed, you just need to pick your original code, design a standard Flask application without any specific intruction, write a configuration TOML file and run the `deploy` subcommand.

Reviewer: Indeed, you just need -> You simply need

Author: ```suggestion
You simply need to pick your original code, design a standard Flask application without any specific intruction, write a configuration TOML file and run the `deploy` subcommand.
```

- `requirements.txt`

This code is supposed to be sharable, as your convenience, to any user in order to check the trustworthiness of your app.
As a matter of fact, *do not write any secret into your code*.
For example: passwords or keys to connect to a third-party service like a remote storage or a database.

If you need such secrets to run your code, write them in a `secrets.json` file. Please see the example below.

> This file will be sent to the enclave after the latter has been verified during the app deployment.

Author: ```suggestion
This file will be sent to the enclave after the latter has been verified during the app deployment.
Note that this file is not encrypted and can be read by the SGX operator.
```

> Your application will then be able to read it to retrieve the secrets it needs.

Reviewer: No need to specify that this file is encrypted somewhere ?

Author: I suggested a modification by adding a line right before this one, explaining the file is not encrypted.

    return secrets["login"]
```

!!! info "Encrypting some secrets"

    If your application requires some secrets to be hidden from the SGX operator, write those secrets in another file, for example `secrets_to_seal.json`.

>     Then you can seal this `secrets_to_seal.json` file with the command `msehome seal`.

Reviewer: ...with the `msehome seal`command.

Author: ```suggestion
    Then you can seal this `secrets_to_seal.json` file with the `msehome seal` command.
```

When you declare the memory size through the field `hardware` in the `mse.toml`, you shall consider that a part of this memory is used by the system itself. 

> All the libraries needed to run your application will be loaded in that memory. Therefore, the effective memory size available for your application is about: `hardware_memory - librairies_size`. 

Author: ```suggestion
All the libraries needed to run your application will be loaded in that memory. Therefore, the effective memory size available for your application is about: `hardware_memory - libraries_size`. 
```

> When calling the docker on your localhost, you can use the option `--memory` to estimate your effective memory size. See our [MSE Docker base README](https://github.com/Cosmian/mse-docker-base#determine-the-enclave-memory-size-of-your-image) for more details.

Reviewer: the Docker ? -> the container ? the Docker service ?

Author: ```suggestion
When running the Docker container locally, you can use the option `--memory` to estimate your effective memory size. See our [github](https://github.com/Cosmian/mse-docker-base#determine-the-enclave-memory-size-of-your-image) for more details.
```
